Update: remove Core- and Supervised-specific steps (#39221)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_includes/common-tasks/update.md

          - In the top right corner, select the three dots {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu and select **Check for updates**.
          - Go to {% my updates title="**System** > **Updates**" %}.
            - Select the update notification.
            - Select the cogwheel {% icon "mdi:cog-outline" %}, then set **Visible** to active.

  - title: Using the CLI
    content: |

      ```bash
      ha core update --backup
      ```

      _The_ `--backup` _flag here ensures that you have a partial backup of your current setup in case you need to downgrade._

  {% endtabbed_block %}

{% elsif page.installation == "container" %}

  {% tabbed_block %}

  - title: Docker CLI
    content: |

      **First start with pulling the new container.**

      ```bash
      docker pull {{ site.installation.container }}:stable
      ```

      **[You then need to recreate the container with the new image.](/installation/linux#install-home-assistant-container)**

  - title: Docker Compose
    content: |

      ```bash
      docker compose pull homeassistant
      docker compose up -d
      ```

  {% endtabbed_block %}

{% endif %}

> 4. Review persistent notifications and logs to see if there are any issues with your configuration that need to be addressed.

Reviewer: Hmm, persistent notifiations are the things in the sidebar, we don't use those anymore for this (last release we deprecated that new device found one). We generally use repair issues that show up in the settings page, but I am not sure what a good name for that is

Author: Thank you for the catch! rephrased.

> 4. Review persistent notifications and logs to see if there are any issues with your configuration that need to be addressed.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Check if there are any repair issues and check the logs to see if there are any issues with your configuration that need to be addressed.
```
